transferred to re-sound pass on
ball procrastination
beau tizen nation procrastination picture
you then evades Affairs
procrastination know you are not capable and
get down to business
here you read the book you are also a kettle from
scum
you put books on shelves by color
and dots pencil procrastination is
when you are still looking pen for half an hour
another ten minutes to paint it
suitable procrastination pen this
when you pour yourself some tea
procrastination is when you find
the most difficult way to do simple
business from one idea to another x 3
checking mail
sanitation
carefully choose the words of your letter
save the nation is when you pour
I notice the program that this is when you
you look out the window at the neighbor's window
watching television and ca n't tear myself away
from tv paper
you smoke a cigarette you wash the dishes
approximation is when you direct
order on the table you are interested in the plan
evacuation in case of fire
It's beautiful when you imagine
furniture playing computer toys
mentally rearrange the furniture as in
computer toys
17 is when you put your socks on
couples write thank-you letters not
write letters of thanks from
abyss this once dreamed
procrastination is when you stroke
pet watering a flower
pray something procrastination is when
you try to grow a mustache
chasing a fly frazer pencil
doing vasin everything done about and neither
you cannot bring one to the end 18
it's when you take a nap
procrastination is when the two got drunk
you cherish
sometimes meet cut up grease
bike picking your nose waiting
postman trying to hide from
imminent procrastination even when you
make the list not able to solve
how to do something you complicate things
big and don't finish the case don't know what
and when
finish you know revealed such
viewers